There’s 4 steps that we need to take in
order to setup routing in our app.
First, we need a base href tag added to our
index.html page.
Second, we need to import the RouterModule
to our app.module file.
Then inside our imports array, we define the
paths of our routes.
And finally, we need to add the directive
router-outlet where we want our components
displayed.
So this is what it will look like.
In the index file we’ll add a base href
equaling a backslash, signifying we want the
root of our application to be at the index.
Then inside our app module file, we’ll import
RouterModule from angular/router.
Inside our imports array is where we’ll
add our RouterModule and attach the forRoot
method.
This method takes an array of objects that
sets up our routing.
This first path sets the location of books
and uses the BooksListComponent.
So the location of this route in our sample
app will be localhost:3000/books.
Next, we have the path of an empty string
with a redirectTo set to books.
So when a user first navigates to our application
we want to redirect them to the books route.
We also need to include this pathMatch property
anytime we’re using a redirect.
This will tell the router how to match a URL
to the path of a route.
And below that we have these two asterisks
that represent a wildcard.
We use wildcards like to this to say in the
event a route is not found, redirect the user
somewhere else.
This is going to typically be a place for
you to put your 404 page.
But in our example, we’ll just send them
back to our books route.
In order to use our router we need to place
the router outlet directive wherever we want
our routes to appear.
In our example we’re going to place the
router-outlet in our app.component.html file
so that it appears below our navigation menu
and is going to replace the bs-books-list
selector we’ve been using.
Ok, so enough with the slides, lets work through
this process in our application.